
* Recap of [PICC actions](https://hackmd.io/tycokVQsQX2CvFcvCWsWxQ?view).
* NCCN (Nationaal Crisiscentrum) are using OpenStreetMap data for critical infrastructure in emergency situations (schools, hospitals, ...). They might work on a project to improve that data in OSM, similar to road completion.
* OpenStreetLevelImagery project follow-up (see https://hackmd.io/xLSqK1uJSrO1b9Xdfm4Ykw?view)
    * More cameras: 3 360° cameras plus one regular GoPro is enough for now
    * Backup strategy: there's a central machine operated by Thibault. We should look into if this is GDPR compliant or how it can be made to be GDPR compliant. We could throw the backup away and download the processed data from Mapillary. Joost to ask Pierre Serpe about their strategy with 360 everywhere. Jonathan to ask who is DPO for OKBE and ask advice there.
    * Marketing/communication
        * (Joost) Would Fietersbond Nationaal be able to include a call for photographers in their newsletter? And do you know someone in Gracq who we could talk to about this?"
            * Thierry to check with Fietsersbond communications (sept/oct). Thierry would organize the distribution of camera's afterwards. Thierry also to get in touch with Gracq. Let's organize a session o using & contributing to streetlevel imagery.
        * (Thierry) at this rythm, I think Stéphane will finish to cover the whole of Brussels by June 2022 ... could we launch then a modest press action towards all the possible stakeholders? regions, provinces, municipalities? consultancy (traffic, landscape) offices? etc
            * Press release: Jonathan to ask Julie Beliën to check if it's a good idea to link this to "wooh Brussels is ready". Then we make a first draft and have it read by Julie & Lotte.
            * OKBE can send to Belga
            * Joost also has had contacts with a few journalists
        * Joost to ask Steven (Trage Wegen) to share a call for picture-mappers 
* Spending ideas: 
    * Call for projects: simplified version of the microgrants project (applicant does all the work, some reporting requiered). 5000 in total, 2500 max per project (but smaller preferred). Board would decide but get input from the members. Spending dependent on whether we find ideas we like.
    * "Recurrent work":
        * updating maproulette challenges
        * updating import tool database
        * improve content of the website
        * following up with external partners
        * so basically the kinds of thing Jonathan and Joost do... Joost & Jonathan to make a list of the things they do. We might consider paying ourselves for this kind of work.
        * could be powered through https://github.com/osmbe/community_planning/issues
    * Decide to work a few days on a specific project
        * buildings.osm.be : teach someone to update the tool
        * further expanding the scope of Road Completion (compare names, check geometry, compare maxspeed, link to survey tool)
        * turn Road Completion into a tool for Any Data Completion (preferably linked to survey tool through MapRoulette)
        * automating Traffic Sign Project
        * communication project: developing a strategy +  practical communication work
            * OSOC project about this next year?
            * For free: masters thesis about "communication strategy from OSMbe"
    * EDIT (18/8): later we realized that having an OKBE employee work for a few days for us is a lot cheaper then consultancy. We're exploring the options there.
* OSM camp: in September? A "long weekend"; Germany is interested to join. Invite the Dutchies too? Focus: both fun and working on some projects.
    * Let's do it next year, say June 2023

* check earlier [todo's](https://hackmd.io/cY9aPrYCTTe5IyLAzolO8w?view) and plan a date for them
