* "top mapping task in Belgium": exists now at https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/WikiProject_Belgium/top_mapping_tasks (or https://tinyurl.com/helpusmap), see also https://github.com/osmbe/community_planning/issues/42
  - [ ] Jonathan: add a link on the projects overview page (see https://github.com/osmbe/website/issues/235)
  - [x] Ask the community for more content
  - [ ] Joost: Add link to project page on the website in the wiki page


* Mobilizon test
    * Instances: 
        * https://mobilizon.fr/
        * https://mobilizon.openstreetmap.fr/
        * Best move to the OSMfr version, because it will allow osm accounts at some point
    * Example event: https://mobilizon.fr/events/43737206-8ee1-42b0-a19e-9b49284c67ce
    * Is it "ready" yet ? It's a little rough.
    * PVDVN made a script that sync https://osmcal.org/ to Mobilizon
        * Result of the script: https://mobilizon.openstreetmap.fr/events/e1d9c3d0-aeb6-4425-ada7-d286332367c5
        * Disadvantage if we do nothing on top of this: people cannot subscribe to just our events
    * For the moment we won't do anything extra

* talk-be & new forum
    * Talk-be mailing list: https://lists.openstreetmap.org/listinfo/talk-be
    * New BE forum: https://community.openstreetmap.org/c/communities/be/
    * The old forum will close
    * Should we close the mailing list and try to get people to move over?
      - [ ] First find instructions for how exactly to set up "follow just OSMbe on the community.osm.org website"
      - [ ] Then promote it on talk-be & element. OSMbe will not be posting on talk-be. We will remove from osm community index and our website. Do not mention closing entirely yet.
      - [ ] After a year evaluate and perhaps close talk-be

* Short review past events ([Trefdag Digitaal](https://hackmd.io/_zXEeOfsTfSE7dB5g_3UpQ) Vlaanderen & [Foss4G](https://hackmd.io/KujQByTCQs6Mn7BKuLOcIQ#))
    * Thierry: prepare post(s) for the website

* Fix next members meeting?
    * See https://github.com/osmbe/working-group-bylaws/tree/master/minutes#2022
    * Official meeting 10/01/2023 20:00 (Joost will send invites)
    * Meetup 20/12/2022 usual time (Jonathan)

* Global event in 2023? SotM Benelux? Germany?
    * There's interest in NL to do something together. Also BE is interested, preference to do it in NL. This would probably be a FOSS4G/QGIS/OSM event
    * No State of the Map (international) next year so 2023 is the perfect time to try to organize a SotM EU.
        * We would need seed funding for a coordinator. Talk to big sponsors to gauge interest
        * Talk to French team about their retraction for SotM global
        * Ask SotM global for their planning documents
        * Ask some insights from Lotte about conference organisation, maybe she might be interested herself


* OSM camp: in September? A "long weekend"; Germany is interested to join. Invite the Dutchies too? Focus: both fun and working on some projects.
    * ~~Let's do it next year, say June 2023~~ 
    * Let's keep it "simple"
    * A location where we can make people stay
    * Food/Drinks
    * Project/Technical stuff
    * Let's first try to make SotM EU and fallback on OSM Camp if we can't    make SotM EU happen

* Thierry's question: who of the board is doing what exactly? what do we want to do ourselves? what can we or needs to be outsourced?

* OSMbe Microgrants
    * Work out a framework (see OSMF microgrant ?). Special addition: we only start if there's proposals from at least 2 people
    * Ask members ideas on how to organize it or what would they expect from it

* Corporate members:
    * Renewal:
        * GEO-6: OK
        * Anyways: check if renewal (with trefdag booth) ; Joost asks Ben for confirmation
        * Champs-Libre: Ping for renewal (Jonathan) 
        * Visit Flanders: Ping for renewal in December

* Teach someone to update the building import tool
    * ask the members if someone is willing to study how complicated it is
    * Jonathan to have a (quick) look at the code

* onze financial guy heeft eindelijk geantwoord over dingen aankopen vanuit okbe:
  > "if we would have an audit or VAT check , we need to be able to show the stuff we bought ..for small amounts this is not a problem but we can not make this a common practice to buy things and 'giving it away'"

* idea Joost (4-9-2022): We could divide Belgium into blocks and give a volunteer fee for any block that you finish mapping with a 360.
    * Volunteer fee
    * First work out volunteer fee system
    * If based on priority areas
    * Discuss with membership first
    * Any camera

* Thierry to ask for help recruting more volunteers for the 360 project

* Professional (paid) event to teach about OSM (idea Ben)
    * Organize a day of professional training
    * Paid seat
    * Could be organized by Anyways
    * Find venue
    * Find "moderator"

* Quarterly projects
    * make a planning a year in advance, so there's plenty of time to prepare data, tools, ideas, tagging, etc., and get outside support
