started: 20:05 - finished: 22:15

### Present

- Thierry Jimenez
- Joost Schouppe
- Tim Couwelier
- Thibault Molleman
- Julien Minet
- Erik Beerten
- Ben Abelshausen
- Michael Dierick
- Seppe Santens

Excused: Pieter vdc, Pieter vdv, Jonathan Beliën

## Finances & corporate members

- [Update 360°-project](https://hackmd.io/xLSqK1uJSrO1b9Xdfm4Ykw?view)
    - three cameras now, a few spin-offs
    - limits of 360 images: resolution, frequency. Experiment with videos
    - Offline archive, perhaps to evolve into a [Geovisio](https://github.com/osmbe/community_planning/issues/40) instance
    - informal talks with Mapillary (owned by Meta): budget of +/- 10.000€ so that OSM BE could do coordination for Europe (not confirmed yet)
    - comments: 
        - Erik mentions that in [Google Streeview](https://www.google.be/maps/@51.0628187,5.3869521,3a,75y,8.16h,88.07t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sAF1QipPVNE6A4_z_5RDVTpkvEb8-yPY3rM7P7sk_cTHe!2e10!3e11!7i5376!8i2688?hl=nl) there are pictures taken with a bicycle (camera on a helmet) + suggestonnto do hackday on geovisio topic
        - Seppe mentions that Tourism Service has a [collaboration with Google](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqZVczwBDGY&ab_channel=SommeTourisme%3AAgencedeD%C3%A9veloppementetdeR%C3%A9servationtouristiquedelaSomme) as well
- Financial update: 
    - [corporate members](https://github.com/osmbe/working-group-bylaws/tree/master/corporate-members)
    - invoice cycle highways (1500 eur)
    - [Finances document 2022](https://github.com/osmbe/working-group-bylaws/blob/master/financial/2022.md), and [2021](https://github.com/osmbe/working-group-bylaws/blob/master/financial/2021.md)

## Activities

- OSM BE stand @ these events:
   - April: OSM BE @ Open Belgium Conference
   - September: [OSM BE @ Trefdag Digitaal Vlaanderen](https://hackmd.io/_zXEeOfsTfSE7dB5g_3UpQ). Paid for by Anyways in return for free corporate membership.
    - November: [State of the Map Belgium & FOSS4G.be](https://hackmd.io/NEXU7TRqQw6Ysi7WkbMqiA?view)
        - question Seppe: are all the videos online that can be online? to be verified
        - financial balance: break-even
- Contacts in 2022
    Hoppin (Vlaamse overheid), Service public de Wallonie (Coordination cellule RAVeL, PICC, CGT(tourism)), Ligue de Braille, Stad Gent, Gemeente Diegem, Visit Brussels, Nationaal Park Hoge Kempen, Fédération du Tourisme de la Province de Liège, Ville de Liège, ad hoc individuals, ...
- Newsletter after a more active year: 
    - 3 editions, 40% open rate, 9% click rate
    - 868 subscribers, 19 new subscribers since the button was made more visible in Oct 2022 (rest of 2022: just 7!)
- use of and update tile server
    - maybe pay for this as well? Maybe Champs-Libres (Julien Fastré) can help out with this as well
- several physical meet ups: Brussels, Ghent, Bruges, Arlon, ...

## Projects status

- Traffic sign project
- MapComplete: 
    - [Statistics on pictures created with MapComplete](https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/Pieter%20Vander%20Vennet/diary/400716) 
    - [Survey](https://framaforms.org/mapcomplete-usage-survey-1672687708) running until February 2022
- Road Completion

## Plan for next year

- migrate from mailing list to [discourse](https://community.openstreetmap.org/c/communities/be/61/l/latest) (forum)
    - a large event SotM-EU (there will be [no SotM 2023](https://blog.openstreetmap.org/2022/10/17/announcement-decision-on-international-state-of-the-map-2023-and-2024/))? most probably not an option in 2023
because we don't have a paid person to organize the event
    - plan B: StoM-camp in BE, where we would invite people from DE, NL, LUX and FR
    - under reserve: a weekend in september 2023 (from Friday-evening to Sunday evening)
    - somewhere in Ardennes close to German border
    - framadate survey will be sent out to fix a date

### Spending opportunities?

- Building/address import tool: Glenn remains MIA
    - suggestion: suggest to ask if he's willing to do it as a consultant
- [microgrants project?](https://github.com/osmbe/community_planning/issues/43)
- start giving more volunteer fees
    - for volunteering / transport during events
    - suggestion: for taking streetlevel images of areas we define
- [Quarterly projects](https://github.com/osmbe/community_planning/issues/44)
- ["top mapping tasks"](https://github.com/osmbe/community_planning/issues/42)

## Varia:

* Suggestion from Erik for a project: trage wegen inventory > could be a likely candidate for road completion. 
* Suggestion from Tim: refresh the member's list + pro actively invite members to the official member's meeting
* Proposal: 2 official member meetings per year (instead of 1 too long one) -> next one at the SotM-camp in June or September 2023
